Add expansion panel styling section (#1436)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/expansion_panel.md

        </igx-expansion-panel-header>
    </igx-expansion-panel>
```
> Note: The [`iconPosition`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxexpansionpanelheadercomponent.html#iconposition) property works with `RTL` - e.g. an icon set to show up in **right** will show in the leftmost part of the header when RTL is on.

We can also override the default icon that is used in the control by passing content in an `igx-expansion-panel-icon` tag:
```html
<!-- in expansion-component.component.html -->
    <igx-expansion-panel>
    ...
        <igx-expansion-panel-header [iconPosition]="'right'">
        ...
            <igx-expansion-panel-icon>
                <span class="example-icon" *ngIf="panel.collapsed">Show more</span>
                <span class="example-icon" *ngIf="!panel.collapsed">Collapse</span>
            </igx-expansion-panel-icon>
        </igx-expansion-panel-header>
    </igx-expansion-panel>
```
```css
<!-- in expansion-component.component.scss -->
.example-icon {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight: 600px;
}
```
Our component will now render "Show More" when the panel is collapsed and "Collapse" once it's fully expanded.

### Import theme

> Using the [Ignite UI for Angular Theming](themes/index.md), we can alter the **igx-expansion-panel** appearance. Now we are going to style a simplified version of the above [animations sample](#using-specific-animation) and modify it to have а custom appearance.

Reviewer: Remove the part about "above animation sample...". The sample is now _below_ the styling section. Since users are not familiar with it yet, no need to mention it at all.

    $secondary: $my-secondary-color,
    $info: $my-info-color
);
```

In order to see our custom palette and colors applied, we need to pass these to a theme function.
So in one bold move we will [`create a custom theme`](themes/component-themes.md#creating-themes) and pass our colors to a number of predefined `igx-expansion-panel-theme` parameters . Let's say we have decided modifying these specific parameters will be more than sufficient to make our component look the way we like. It is really convenient to take use of the previously created [palette](themes/palette.md) and base our new colors on the colors defined.
```scss
// in styles.scss
$custom-panel-theme: igx-expansion-panel-theme(
    $palette: $my-color-palette,
    $header-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "primary", 200),
    $header-focus-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "primary", 300),
    $header-title-color: igx-color($my-color-palette, "info"),
    $header-icon-color: igx-color($my-color-palette, "info"),
    $body-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary", 100),
    $border-radius: 0.35em
);
```

### Applying
All that's left is to properly scope our newly created theme.

#### Globally

> In case you want this newly created `igx-expansion-panel theme` to be applied [`globally`](themes/component-themes.md#creating-themes) in your app, all that is needed is to include the theme in your app root style file:

Reviewer: You could mention that the _theme_ (generated by `igx-expansion-panel-theme`) is being passed to the _mixin_ (`igx-expansion-panel` mixin, with link)

```scss
// in styles.scss
// Pass our custom-panel-theme to `igx-expansion-panel` mixin.
@include igx-expansion-panel($custom-panel-theme);
```
#### Scoped
There may be a case where you want a particular `igx-expansion-panel` to be styled differently than the others in the app. This will require to use angular specific pseudo-class selectors like `:host`, `::ng-deep`, etc. Additionally all of the above steps need to be moved from `styles.scss` to the `component.scss` file.

 >[!NOTE]
 >If the component is using an [`Emulated`](themes/component-themes.md#view-encapsulation) ViewEncapsulation, it is necessary to `penetrate` this encapsulation using `::ng-deep`.
 On the other side, in order to prevent our custom theme to leak to other components, be sure to include the `:host` selector before `::ng-deep`:

```scss
// in component.scss
:host {
    ::ng-deep {
        // Pass our custom-panel-theme to `igx-expansion-panel` mixin.
        @include igx-expansion-panel($custom-panel-theme);
    }
}
```
### Styling Demo

You can see the styled sample below:

> <div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 600px;">

Reviewer: Reduce the height of the container to 300px

    <button data-localize="stackblitz" class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="expansion-sample-7-sample" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
</div>

## Styling

> Using the [Ignite UI for Angular Theming](themes/index.md), we can alter the **igx-expansion-panel** appearance. We are going to style a simplified version of the above [animations sample](#using-specific-animation) and modify it to have more fancy appearance.

Reviewer: "Fancy" seems a bit too informal 😄 
```suggestion
Using the [Ignite UI for Angular Theming](themes/index.md), we can alter the **igx-expansion-panel** appearance. We are going to style a simplified version of the above [animations sample](#using-specific-animation) and modify it to have а custom appearance.
```

### Import theme
First, in order for us to use the functions exposed by the theme engine, we need to import the `index` file in our style file: 

```scss
// in styles.scss
@import '~igniteui-angular/lib/core/styles/themes/index';
```

### Define palette & colors
After we've imported the `index` file we can go ahead and use the [`igx-color`]({environment:sassApiUrl}/index.html#function-igx-color) function to define some color variables we would like to use in our custom theme. We are going to use these for our custom `igx-expansion-panel` styling in conjunction with our own color [palette](themes/palette.md) where we can specify our main colors to be used by the component.

> Fist define a custom palette and pass our main colors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First we define a custom palette and pass our main colors:
```

```scss
// in styles.scss
$custom-panel-theme: igx-expansion-panel-theme(
    $palette: $my-color-palette,
    $header-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "primary", 200),
    $header-focus-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "primary", 300),
    $header-title-color: igx-color($my-color-palette, "info"),
    $header-icon-color: igx-color($my-color-palette, "info"),
    $body-background: igx-color($my-color-palette, "secondary", 100),
    $border-radius: 0.35em
);
```

### Applying
All that's left is to properly scope our newly created theme.

#### Globally
In case you want this newly created `igx-expansion-panel theme` to be applied [`globally`](themes/component-themes.md#creating-themes) in your app, all that is needed is to include the theme in your app root style file:
```scss
// in styles.scss
// Pass our custom-panel-theme to `igx-expansion-panel` mixin.
@include igx-expansion-panel($custom-panel-theme);
```
#### Scoped

> There may be a case where you want a particular `igx-expansion-panel` be styled differently than the others in the app. This will require to use angular specific pseudo-class selectors like `:host`, `::ng-deep`, etc. Additionally all of the above steps need to be moved from `styles.scss` to the `component.scss` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be a case where you want a particular `igx-expansion-panel` to be styled differently than the others in the app. This will require to use angular specific pseudo-class selectors like `:host`, `::ng-deep`, etc. Additionally all of the above steps need to be moved from `styles.scss` to the `component.scss` file.
```
